Answer the following questions:


1.) What are the names and uses of Java's eight primitive types?
    -boolean
    -byte
    -char
    -short
    -int
    -long
    -float
    -double

2.) How do you declare and initialize an int variable called "x" with the value 42.

    int x = 42;

3.) What happens if you initialize a double variable with the value of a int?

    The int will be cast into the double.

4.) How do you set an int variable to the value of a double?

    As this is a narrowing conversion, some data will be lost e.g. a double of 1.2 will become an int 1

5.) What are the 5 arithmetic operators?

    +,-,*,/,%

6.) What are Relational operators used for? What is the result of using a relational operator?

    Relational operators are used to compare two values.

7.) Demonstrate the use of a Relational operator.

    if (x > y) { xIsBigger = true; }

8.) What logical operators used for? What is the result of using a logical operator?

    Logical operators are used to perform boolean logic and return a boolean ouput.

9.) Demonstrate the use of a logical operator.

    boolean a = b || c;

10.) How can you use the shorthand addition operator to add 10 to a variable "x"?

    x += 10;

11.) What data type is a String?

    It is a sequence of connected chars

12.) Are string mutable?

    No

13.) How do you concatenate Strings?

    You can concatenate strings using the + operator.

14.) Can you cast an int to a String or a String to an int? Why or why not?

    You can cast an int to a String as a String can be used represent a number.

    However, you only cast a String to an int if it contains only numerical values, as an int
    cannot be used to store characters.

15.) What is an array?

16.) What is the first index of an array?

17.) Can you change the size of an array once it has been declared and initialized?

18.) How do you print the 5th element in an array "exampleArray"?

19.) What are the two ways you can declare and initialize an array? Demonstrate both.

20.) How do you iterate through a multidimensional array?

21.) What is the for-each loop used for?

